Revise arm platform notes regarding soft float (#130987)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/thumbv7em-none-eabi.md

| Cortex-M7F | SP  | Yes | `cortex-m7` | `-fp64`         |
| Cortex-M7F | DP  | Yes | `cortex-m7` | None            |

<div class="warning">

> Never use the `-fpregs` *target-feature* with these `eabihf` targets

Reviewer: What does "these" refer to? Should it just be "... with `eabihf` targets ...", or perhaps "... with hard-float ABI targets (such as `eabihf`) ..." ?

Author: It should say 'this target'. Broader words can go in the arm target docs.

Author: Fixed

| Cortex-M7F | SP  | Yes | `cortex-m7` | `-fp64`         |
| Cortex-M7F | DP  | Yes | `cortex-m7` | None            |

> **Note:** Never use the `-fpregs` *target-feature* with these `eabihf` targets
> as it will cause compilation units to have different ABIs, which is unsound.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="warning">

Never use the `-fpregs` *target-feature* with these `eabihf` targets as it
will cause compilation units to have different ABIs, which is unsound.

</div>
```
cf. https://rust-lang.github.io/mdBook/format/mdbook.html#classwarning
